Fix path closure example with path ID (#165)
quicwg/multipath: draft-ietf-quic-multipath.md

number of 2; the client's 1-RTT packets use DCID S3, which has a sequence number
of 3. Note that the paths use different packet number spaces. In this case, the
client is going to close the first path. It identifies the path by the sequence

> number of the DCID used for sending packets over that path,

Reviewer: ```suggestion
number of the DCID it uses for sending packets over that path,
```

hence using the path_id 2. Optionally, the server confirms the path closure
by sending an PATH_ABANDON frame using

> the sequence number of the DCID used to send over that path as path

Reviewer: ```suggestion
the sequence number of the DCID it uses to send over that path as path
```

identifier, which corresponds to the path_id 1. Both the client and
the server can close the path after receiving the RETIRE_CONNECTION_ID frame
for that path.

~~~
Client                                                      Server

(client tells server to abandon a path)
1-RTT[X]: DCID=S2 PATH_ABANDON[path_id=2]->
                           (server tells client to abandon a path)
                      <-1-RTT[Y]: DCID=C1 PATH_ABANDON[path_id=1],
                                               ACK_MP[Seq=2, PN=X]
(client retires the corresponding CID)

> 1-RTT[U]: DCID=S3 RETIRE_CONNECTION_ID[1], ACK_MP[Seq=1, PN=Y] ->

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
1-RTT[U]: DCID=S3 RETIRE_CONNECTION_ID[2], ACK_MP[Seq=1, PN=Y] ->
```
Client wants to retire DCID S2, so the sequence number field in the retire_connection_ID should be 2.

Author: Yes, I guess that was wrong in the example.

                            (server retires the corresponding CID)

>  <- 1-RTT[V]: DCID=C2 RETIRE_CONNECTION_ID[2], ACK_MP[Seq=3, PN=U]

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
 <- 1-RTT[V]: DCID=C2 RETIRE_CONNECTION_ID[1], ACK_MP[Seq=3, PN=U]
```
Server wants to retire DCID C1, so the sequence number field in the retire_connection_ID should be 1.
